Samba de Amigo is back! Samba de Amigo is back! A Dreamcast Jam is back! Apparently it came out on the Wii? I somehow missed that. Samba de Amigo, Nintendo Switch, this summer.
This is the 2020's Rhythm Game Renaissance Update. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's Nintendo Direct and other gaming news. Starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
I wonder what we'll be talking about tonight. Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 948 of our show for tonight, February the 12th of 2023. My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined tonight by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi. I'm just looking up some plumbers.
Oh, Mario Luigi?
I found a really good website with some plumbers on it. SMBplumbing.com.
I saw this. Super cute. Lots of nostalgia there, right?
As seen on TV. The website is real.
And on the big screen soon, right?
Yeah.
I know you're off cam tonight for those that are watching live on our Twitch because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, usually after the Bobby Black Wolf show. He's off tonight. Apparently there's this thing on TV a lot of people get together and watch. I don't know her so we're here.
This is not Elf?
It's not about that. Who? Definitely. Who?
Who?
I've just been hearing about the Rihanna show.
I did hear that Rihanna announced she was pregnant with a new album. She announced she was pregnant. Period. So that was the big news I heard on the TV watching front.
And I, of course, because I don't watch the Superb Owl, I've been hearing about the new Marvel movie trailers. So I went watching them while we were prepping. And I'm already a little bit excited.
There's a lot of people out there where the Super Bowl is less about football and more about commercials and about half times and food, food, bean dip, seven layer bean dip, and those types of things, which I think is really the case for Mr. Black Wolf when his team isn't in it.
If his team's in it, I think he feels a little differently.
Hey, somebody's sports better than the other person's sports. They got the weird oval to the other side of the marching band field.
I saw the greatest TikTok today that was like, okay, gays, here's what's going on today. Every other team has sashayed away and now we're down to two.
Having their lip sync for their life.
It was great. It was great.
Well, you know, you know, it's just a marching band field.
Yeah, I know. I know. Anyway, I know it's Yes, screw screw the ballgame. It's all about the halftime show, whether it's Rihanna or a marching band, the way the way they used to do it, whether it's Carol Channing, and the United States marching band doesn't matter. Doesn't matter.
Anyway, but in all seriousness, you're off cam tonight because I know last week you came on for a little cameo and you kind of mentioned you were getting over COVID. You certainly sound-
Well, I had just come down with COVID.
Yeah, yeah. So you're sounding a lot better tonight.
Yesterday. Yeah. But I am still, I'm still pretty symptomatic. I've got the cough. My voice is still healing. So I took like the whole week off of streaming and I'll see how I feel for tomorrow.
But I'm sorry, but for right now, it's just a matter of preservation because I do still have to go back to work on Wednesday.
Yeah. Understandable. Well, I'm glad, you know, as much as I know you, you've been very reliable with your streaming. You're very dedicated and really stick to your schedule. And this probably kind of stinks for feeling a little bit derailed.
But at the same time, it really probably is what's best for your voice and why you sound pretty good tonight. So, you know,
Exactly. Well, I'll be honest, the fatigue, you know, got me pretty, pretty bad this time around. Last time, I mean, I know this is absolutely a different strain because there's that newer strain right now.
But last time I had more of like the ongoing cough and that, and this time I just sort of got everything all at once.
So, all right, but but also this time I had got the Pax Loved, which didn't make anything taste funny to me. It just made everything smell funny.
Right. Well, I'm glad I'm glad it's helping you recover a little quicker than you know, maybe a lot of people that end up with COVID. So, all right. But let me say hello, I don't want to ignore and I'm gonna I'm gonna at least try to get because the picture looks a little lopsided without Jamie's camera on someone at least fix it to get that little static picture of her we have on Discord.
But say hello while I fix things live because we love to do things live here. Say hello to tech master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
Doing fine.
Good, good. What are you been up to this week outside of video games? Anything exciting?
I went and played mini golf today.
Oh, really?
There are old stopping ground.
Really? I was gonna ask Golf Land or Scandia or Surprise somewhere else like when they have like indoor mini golf places some places.
Yeah, we played most of those we went to Golf Land because I've taken the I thought I've taken the kids there multiple times but they only remember playing one side of the course who wouldn't play the other side of the course today.
Okay.
How sad is the is the arcade?
It's fine. The arcades fine because they have new games everywhere. They're doing the construction or something there because there's we played laser tag there as well and they're like in the corner of the arena. There's like a bunch of concrete bags or something they're storing in the corner there. So like, okay, I guess. Yes, this is under construction. But no, it's it's actually not in like horrible shape. It's very like, big, like, you know, the redemption games are ridiculous.
Obviously, they're huge. I saw today it an injustice arcade game. So you remember injustice the DC Superheroes thing. It's a fighting game with no directional stick.
What?
Oh, that's weird. Yeah, it's weird. It has
It should play like Mortal Kombat.
Well, doesn't it has? It has special attack, jump, attack in like something else. I'm like, how, how do I move? It's like, how would how would he move? It's built for kids to slam buttons, basically, I guess I mean, I guess that's what it is.
Something. So they've got that they've got like those dropper machines, which are like, it's like a size of a two story house. It's just ridiculously huge. And then King Kong VR.
There's lots of lots of big redemption games. I didn't really walk around the arcade too much because I wasn't really there to play arcade games. The feel it's it's it's obviously it's not as like well put together as it used to be. Like there's a good section like backward the old bimani games used to be that it's like under construction or something there. They have like a like a wall that you can take pictures against or something. And then like there's I don't know stuff just around.
But I mean, they've added stuff to it. They have like bumper cars now.
I want to I want to the arcade space is just going to get taken up with something that can get more money like either they're built like I remember the place used to have a subway in there to you know, make money for food or maybe they're putting another snack bar or something. I don't know what else generates revenue inside an arcade maybe a maybe a bar bar honestly for adults.
Yeah. They don't have a subway there anymore. They have like their own generic sandwich place or I don't even know if the sandwich place is open. They have a snack bar still. And it's got like, you know, pizza.
We kept getting ice.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Maybe Yeah, no, it was Yeah, back in the day.
So they have that and then just like the same old stuff that they used to have like the go karts and stuff like that. They like so they've added bumper cars, because that's now where there was like a patio area out where the water slides are. And so they took up some of that with that. They have like Dippin Dots, you know, they sell that which is really, you know, expensive.
I mean, it's okay. I mean, it's holding up pretty well. I think considering obviously, like I said, you know, the arcade is very much redemption games, but they're like really flashy, like big redemption games.
Yeah. Um, so I mean, I am not on. I'm not a fan of VR in the arcade, considering how dirty everybody is. Like, do I really want to put the headset on after someone else has been wearing it? Yeah. It looks cool. But no, that's not for me not doing that.
That's been a problem forever. You know, it seems like VR is something kind of newer. But I remember when we were all going to the arcade to play DDR regularly, didn't they have like, wasn't beachhead a thing? Like, wasn't that a thing?
Yeah, yeah, that was the thing that was less like you put your face up into it, like the screen was there, but you weren't actually physically attaching this.
It was still VR.
So yeah, we're talking about Roseville Golf Land sun splash. It's out here in California.
We're reminiscing because this is basically the place where Loki dark soccer and I all met, you know, just a little, you know, history for those that aren't aware, orange.
I was ready to started because Loki dark soccer myself, we played DDR. And you know, obviously the we were some of the faces that would show up there time and time again, there was a little community built up around that and posting on DDR freak and the sites around the time and so forth. So
eating my birthday cake on the floor.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, just, you know, lots of
DDR fourth mix.
So it's it's kind of like Loki went to like the 20th high school reunion or something like that, like went back to our old stomping grounds just to see how everything has just changed.
I would go to RV GL before I went to one of my high school reunions just FYI.
For sure. Yeah.
Strong same.
That's easy.
I would rather see some of the old sacramentals and you know which ones I'm talking about. I'd rather see them than some of the people I went to high school with to be quite honest.
For sure. Absolutely. I was going to say, though, like, it's still like, I think it's still holding up pretty well considering like we went and played their laser tag, the laser tags been all redone.
So it's much nicer now, which is nice. So I did enjoy that quite a bit. Just like, it's just no contest. If I'm there with my kids, we're just going to stop like everybody else. And that's what we did. It was just bad.
But I love that. And it's fun. So yeah, the arcades. All right. I just, I don't think they even have any rhythm music games anymore. Honestly, if we're going to do that, like, I would just go to the one that's now in Folsom, the new one that's at the outlet.
Yeah, I gotta go check that.
Go check that place out. Yeah.
That's a modern music game community guy that like, produces that place. So I'm not surprised. That's up to the level. Yeah. Okay. Let me ask one more question from our chat. And then we got to get into video games and what's going on this week because obviously we had some big news this week.
Matt with the very important question. Did you go to Brookfield's and have the mozzarella sticks?
No, because we went to Red Robin before that. And so we ate there first. No, that would have been fun. But no, like the kids wanted to go eat a certain thing. I'm sure that would have been down for those that don't get the joke.
Brookfield's was the little cafe area is still actually it's still there all the time. They're still there. It's the same menu.
Like a little cafe. It's a chain. Yeah.
A very small chain.
Ish.
Step up.
The funny thing is that I have been totally wanting someone to go to Brookfield's for me just to get me a bucket of the Avgo limino that they have.
That's like the favorite thing to have when I'm not feeling well.
It's good. They always have good soups there.
I tried. I finally made it for myself. And it was almost as good.
But that's really where this show together because it wasn't about playing DDR at the arcade. It was about sitting around eating mozzarella sticks at, you know, fourth dinner after eating after being at the arcade, and just talking about us talking about video games.
And that's that's where this show is 21 years later after those first mozzarella sticks. So all right, well, on that note, let's get into what we do here at the show and talk about what is going on in games.
Obviously, I think you all know the big news of the week. I'm sure many of you were watching the Nintendo Direct. I know you.
Yeah, Rihanna's pregnant.
I know you all have thoughts.
That was not covered in the Direct.
But maybe they'll be. Today was the Rihanna Direct. Earlier this week was the Nintendo Direct.
And, you know, already people I see in chat. Hi, DBZ9410 says the Direct was awesome, but my only gripe is We Heart Katamari isn't coming out until June.
Well, let's talk about that. And let's talk about the other stuff that happened at the Nintendo Direct because I think people have, from what I gather, some real strong feelings across the board.
Some people thought this was the best. I saw comments on Mastodon. This is the best Direct Nintendo has ever done.
I've seen comments that were like, I slept during that entire presentation. This is a very polarizing kind of Direct, I think.
But let's recap and see where we land here. Loki, if you wouldn't mind telling us what we just saw.
I did watch it. I wouldn't say it's the best or the worst. It was just a Direct. It was another Direct. They had some surprises. They had a few games. I'm just like, why is this getting a fourth sequel? Why this?
I felt it did what it needed to do. That was my feeling on the Direct. There were some games where I was like, Oh, you know, I'm not that into this. But I definitely noticed Nintendo leaning into their strength. And that is multiplayer couch gaming, like, you know, with what they were showing like the Kirby and stuff, not to get too ahead of myself. But I think even though there was some stuff where I was like, maybe I personally am not into this.
I think they really did try to kind of cover a lot of their bases with what they showed. But anyway, let me let Loki get into it. And then we can, you know, right.
Right. So, um, like this good, not really going to be in order here. But, um, some stuff that we saw, as Jason mentioned in the intro Samba de Amigo Party Central, coming to the switch. That's pretty exciting. You know, using the joy cons as maracas and stuff like that.
I wish they had a way that I could actually use my maracas from Dreamcast with it.
I bet somebody will sell a cheap plastic attachment just like they did with the Wii version.
You can take your maracas, you take your joy cons, you duct tape them to them. There you go.
Duct tape mod. I really liked the look of the new Samba game. It's very much like what the year 2000 looked like before the year 2000. That was kind of the look of Samba de Amigo to me. I wish we knew a little more about the song list. I'm very curious if they're going to dip in the licenses.
There are licenses, I think. Oh, that's good. That's good. Yeah. Obviously, I just the burning Rangers theme.
I don't remember the brain Rangers theme stuff. I'm trying to see there's, I thought there's a little pop up that they did talking about license songs. Yeah, we know how to play this.
Sorry, wasn't trying to get the audio back through but I was trying to show some video here live as we are talking about Samba de Amigo here. Might as well do the second screen thing here so y'all can see it. But yeah, I mean, I like the look of it. Is it too late for Samba de Amigo to make a comeback?
No, no, it's seamless. It's never too late. Yeah, so they have 40 songs is that across the genres. I guess they didn't mention licenses or not, but it's cool. 40 songs is still pretty solid.
Well, and you know, they're gonna lean into Sega stuff like there will absolutely be like, you know, probably like the fantasy zone song. Something from Yakuza will be in there. Hopefully we can get, you know, like karaoke songs to the top.
Yeah, I want the karaoke songs.
Yeah, the karaoke songs will be in there. So I'm sure there'll be a little bit of that because that's what Sega always does. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So but, um, the other thing I just want to say about this game. We did know a little while back that Sega has been working on wanting to revive some of their old properties, right? I feel like that was some stories we talked about where Sega is kind of like exploring that. And so this definitely feels like a product of that.
I wouldn't mind seeing a Space Channel five done in this kind of style. I know we had to say it again. Did we have a VR Space Channel five or something like that wasn't the last one? Yeah, so it would be nice to see like a new one. I think they could do that if this takes off, you know, I could see them coming back for that. We'll see.
Advanced Wars one and two reboot camp is now finally coming out. It was delayed, of course, because of the whole Ukraine Russia war thing. So now that is coming out looks like April 21, which is about a year later than it was originally. We got a new trailer for Bayonetta Origins, Syriza and the Lost Demon. And yeah, it's all right. It doesn't come out March.
It does look cute, but I'm gonna be completely honest. And this isn't a read. This is just something that happens in video games sometimes and it's it's okay. It's you know what happens. This game looks like something that didn't start as Bayonetta. It looks like something that started as something else and somebody decided let's make this like a Bayonetta game to maybe drive more copies or something like that's my honest reaction.
Kotaku's description of it I think sums it up perfectly. This is to Bayonetta what Muppet Babies is to the Muppet show.
I don't know about that. That that just seems a little like somebody thought that was a cute thing to compare it to that. I just I feel like God I'm trying to think of a game like I don't know maybe Silent Hill The Room or something which didn't actually start as a Silent Hill game. If well, I don't know actually I've heard that that's been
remind you a little bit of Okami.
A little bit. Yeah, with that cell art style for sure.
But just some of the way the scenery looks Yeah, or maybe like a beautiful Joe type of thing. Maybe Yeah, but but I also think that maybe it's something to expand the universe to make it more accessible to other players who may not be into the Bayonetta genre.
Oh, that's a good thought. Maybe something like to make the genre because let's be real Bayonetta is not exactly a family friendly franchise. But this might be something where it's like, Oh, well, you know, you can still get the Bayonetta character out there in front of younger folks with an age appropriate game. I'm assuming I don't you know, I don't know if she drops the F bomb.
But young Bayonetta Yeah, so maybe it's a way to kind of just expand Bayonetta's reach to sell more merch. I don't know that is a clever insight on that.
I mean, it would make sense to me and especially since Nintendo seems to have a big focus on doing a few more family friendly things, things that all people could get into because fans of Bayonetta are going to want to play, you know, especially the diehard fans, even though it might look like it's a simple game, they're going to want to play it.
Yeah. And then, you know, people who are like, Oh, this looks like a fun, you know, let's run around and be a little girl in her world of dreams, blah, blah. So, yeah.
I see a Tiberian chat calls it maybe Netta, maybe, maybe.
I know.
Right.
bassinetta.
Funny.
We had a game called Master Detective archives rain code.
Looks like it's from the developers behind dangan rampa.
Yeah.
And it looks strange, but neat and
definitely looks like the spike chin soft.
It'll have an audience.
Yeah, I'll play it.
Another trailer for Disney Illusion Island, which kind of has that cuphead. I mean, it's more than the modern Mickey Donald goofy thing. Yeah, it's, it's all right. I don't know.
But they're gonna have that coming out in July.
Actually, I think this is kind of a big deal. I really do. I think this is a much stronger announcement than most people are giving it credit for no offense, no offense, because I completely you know, everybody has their opinion and no opinion is invalid. But I feel like, you know, obviously Disney games are always going to have an audience, you know, the Disney brand is very strong.
I think this is a really interesting way to kind of bring back those old Genesis games, the castle of illusion and all that stuff. You know, those games are obviously very legendary for their time. And we know they re release those and so this seems like kind of like a step forward for it.
But I think also the other very important part of this is that it appears they've instituted what I was talking about before the couch co op thing, although I, I'm assuming it'll work online too.
I think the couch co op potential for this game as like, family friendly, but not even necessarily just for families for people that enjoy platformers and so forth. I think there's a lot here that kind of reads to me like a new Super Mario Brothers with all four characters you can play at once meets the Disney castle of illusion stuff meets a really cool art style here. I actually think this is a big deal.
I mean, we'll see the quality of the game when it's actually released, because obviously I'm seeing the trailer. But I think this has the potential to move a lot of units.
We also got another trailer a little bit more of a deeper dive on Pikmin four, which is coming out in July. And they say it's been on been worked on since 2015.
Cool. I'm glad people like Pikmin. I just feel that other games deserve a sequel versus three sequels.
I can't say I'm super excited about Pikmin. But some of the characters look cute, which is funny because I play the Pikmin mobile game. But yeah, it's very different than the console games.
Another one may they pretty much ended with a new trailer for legends of the tears of the kingdom. So that would look pretty cool. And that's obviously for pre order. And yeah, it very interesting.
I'm gonna have new new mebo. So that's cool.
Hot take incoming. I thought the trailer was kind of weak, considering this game is three months out. And maybe they're just trying to hold a bunch of secrets or whatever. But I was fully expecting like a 15 minute deep dive, or something a little longer. I mean, it's not. It's not bad. But when you couple it with the other headline, and I know we'll dive into it a little more in detail later in the show, but about the $70 price tag, they're asking for this game.
I felt they didn't do a good enough job justifying that I think that I mean, it's not ultimately it's not gonna matter. People are gonna eat this up. If it's if it's anywhere close to a strongest breath of the wild was it's going to be a good game. I'm just a little surprised by the strategy on multiple fronts. But I think Nintendo can be bold here. I think they will get away with it. I don't think gamers are gonna gamers are gonna fork it up. And that's why they're doing it. So
here's a weird thing about this game to begin with, like I always thought from like the early trailers, it made it seem like it was going to be a two player co op game. Like you one person would control link and the other would control Zelda, almost but like it doesn't seem that that's what this is, which is kind of weird. I thought that would be kind of the new gimmick to it. But I guess not. What else? We had a Xenoblade Chronicles three expansion pass volume three. So they talked about some new outfits and stuff like that and new
character thing. And what else? fashion dreamer is coming up. Yep. And you have to suggest outfits for influencers and do some stuff there. And this out of absolutely nowhere Tron identity. Looks like looks like a visual novel game or something like that. So that's kind of cool.
Well, actually, they actually did announce that at the game awards, but it was like, I think, literally the logo. And I think we knew it was a story based game at the time. This is the first we've seen any of like the actual game. So it looks good. Yeah, no, it does. Yeah, I just I'm thrilled to see Tron coming back. I hope the story is good. I really do.
Now, can we have a movie? Right? With that without, you know, who anyway?
Well, there was still something though, out of there that I'm a little bit more excited about Dan and I were talking about this morning.
Well, let's let's keep going and see if Loki gets there. Is there any other headlines in chat too? So it's fine.
Yeah, ghost trick is getting a remake, I believe, or remaster for the switch. So that's pretty cool. This was neat. It's just goes to show like other people can make Konami games better than Konami. But dead cells, we knew that they had that whole return to Castlevania thing. Well, we got more of a look of it now. And it looks fantastic.
It's rector. Yeah, it looks really it's just like, let's just let these guys just make another Castlevania game. Like just let them do it because they're gonna do it way better than you can.
Deca police, which I'm not really sure what it is, but it looks weird. And that is coming out here pretty soon. Splatoon 3 DLC had my head scratching. I have no idea what this is supposed to be. But apparently they've got you know, wave one, which is Inkopolis, which is from the original game. Is it just a new HUD area? Is that it? And then they also had wave two, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area, which is a new HUD area
two, which is side order, which looks like a different art style and a different HUD area. I'm gonna say something bold and sensationalist, but I mean it. This is the biggest flop announcement Nintendo has done in a long time. The Splatoon DLC was not sold or explained well whatsoever. It like if that wave one, if that really is what it is, they're trying to say, Oh, it's a new hub, but you do all the same things in this hub, if you want to, that you don't do in the other hub, you know, or that you
can already do the other, it didn't make sense. Like, where's the new story stages? Where's the new like, do you do you play in Inkopolis or something like that? And Mike Def points out side order is the story DLC. But yeah, Inkopolis seems like it's just a new hub. So why the fuck would I buy Inkopolis? Unless, do you have to buy both together? Is that what it is?
There's no way I would buy this until that side order is out and explained better. I think this was a complete misfire and the lowest point of the entire direct. And I'm not that's not a read on Splatoon, the game is fine. It's just we've come to expect very rich DLC packages from Nintendo, they typically knock it out of the park. You know, with the DLC they've done for Mario Kart 8. Fucking even that Mario Kart 8 announcement, sorry, I know you're not there yet. But even that Mario Kart 8 announcement was way better than what they did for Splatoon.
To it was it was a flop. Sorry. Yeah, the Mario Kart 8 announcement wasn't even for like the whole thing of DLC is just saying, hey, we're making a new Yoshi's Island track that's going to be in the next, you know, course pack or whatever that's coming out. And Birdo is going to be in the game as well. Which I'm sorry, but trans rights icon Birdo coming out this week in particular, that's all I'm going to say, with everything else going on is is great. You know,
and Birdo Birdo is a great character to be putting in the game. So I'm thrilled.
Octopath Traveler 2, they showed off some more of that. And there was a demo that was out, which is pretty cool. It's also on PlayStation, by the way, if you didn't know. Sometimes that happens with these directs. It's actually a stealth release on multiple fronts. It's just Nintendo gets to unveil it. Yeah. We love Katamari reroll plus Royal Reverie, which is a remake of We Heart Katamari. And then they're also I guess you can play as the king as well, which is neat. I love Katamari.
I love Katamari as well, which is why I'm gonna be I am actually really frustrated that they're just not doing a new Katamari game. Like why do they have to go back and keep remastering the old ones? I'm not saying the old ones are bad. But I'm like, if, if the sales of Katamari Damacy reroll, the first one they remastered, if the sales were strong enough there to justify continued releases in the Katamari series, why aren't they investing in a new game? Why are we still getting a remaster of one
that's been already out? I don't know. I mean, again, it was out several cycles ago. Was that PlayStation 3, Xbox 360? So, you know, and it's very hard. But can you play We Heart Katamari on Xbox Series S with 360 compatibility? I'm pretty sure it was on the Switch. Was we? Oh, no, no, no, no, we are made the reroll was on Switch. No, yeah. No, no, no, I'm talking about but We Heart Katamari, the original was a 360 PS3 game. And I think you can probably play it on probably play it. So I just
like I'm kind of in this place. Okay, cool. But like, why won't you just do a new Katamari game? Make some new stages have to have the, you know, have the king of all cosmos be a character if that's what you want to do. Like it just it's weird to me. It's weird.
Okay, so we're gonna move on to the next game. And it's going to be on June 1, which looked pretty cool. Nice RPG stuff. Sea of Stars also another kind of 90s styled RPG game that's coming out. And what else? Omega Strikers, which is like a soccer anime looking game. Then we get into some of the more interesting things. Also, just like why is it taking so long? But Game Boy and Game Boy Advance games finally coming to Nintendo Switch.
Online. And so they had lots of games with that Super Mario Advance for Mars, Super Mario Bros. 3, WarioWare Inc. Kuro Kuro Kurin, Mario Kart Super Circuit, Mario and Luigi Superstar Saga, The Legend of Zelda Minish Cap. And I think Game Boy games. No, we had Tetris, which I was surprised that they put that in there. Super Mario Land 2, Legend of Zelda, Link's Awakening DX, Gargoyle's Quest, Game & Watch Gallery 3,
Alone in the Dark, The New Nightmare. I don't know why you'd want it.
It is a strange lineup, isn't it? On both both fronts. I mean, there's like some real heavy hitters in there. Like you said, I think Tetris on the Game Boy is like a real huge and pleasant surprise. I would have assumed that licensing wouldn't have made that possible. But you know, I'm not a legal person. So whatever, they got it cleared somehow. That's pretty cool. What do you think about the whole like Game Boy is for regular Switch Online where Game Boy Advance is
for Switch Online expansion pack? I think that's I still don't have expansion pack for the record.
I have it because we were doing it for the Animal Crossing stuff. I don't think my kids even play the Switch anymore. I mean,
I'm still on a friend's plan.
Ah, that's a way to do it. Um, let me go to a question that was asked in chat a little bit earlier about the story. DBZ9410 in chat, who I believe is new tonight in chat. So hello, thanks for being here tonight says, Do you think Nintendo will give us a format on how games on Nintendo Online will be released going forward? Like one of the month NES ones SNES and one Game Boy game, week two, one Genesis game? Yeah, and lays it out.
No, no, Nintendo is not going to hold themselves to that kind of calendar because nobody's gonna nobody's gonna hold back their money for them not doing it. I do think though, this lineup of games is intentionally weird and all over the map and very limited. When NES and SNES launched, there were 30 games in each of those libraries. Game Boy and Game Boy Advance, correct me if I'm wrong, but there's like six or eight. It's somewhere like it's no more.
They're drip feeding it so that you you stay enrolled in that plan. It is just it is. It's a rip off is what it is.
Absolutely leaving the space to do some big game inserts in there. And as you know, we move on and you already saw like, hey, if you had f zero on your bingo card for the direct congratulations, technically you can check it off because they said f zero maximum velocity from the advance is in the slate for the future. And I'm sure, you know, they did Mario advance three. Well, why not? Or I'm sorry. Was that Mario advance for that was who my brothers three?
I can't remember the number. But obviously, they're the very first Mario advance was the second game. I think Yoshi's Island was one of them too. And then of course, they did a really good redo of the first Mario Brothers game Super Mario Brothers period from the original Game Boy. So there's a lot of room in there for just all of these other releases. I mean, we still have what like alleyway, the original Super Mario Land on Game Boy, like there's just so much room for more stuff to come out still in the future.
And I think I don't think Nintendo is ever going to hold themselves to a regular schedule. They're not going to let you have that benefit of the doubt. And I think as far as the chat comment goes, I don't want to say they're done with NES and Super Nintendo. But there's not much for them left. I think anything else I I'm sure you all still have games on your wish list for that. They are games that are either a third party doesn't want to do it, or licensing is an issue at this point.
And so I just think there isn't a lot left for NES and SAS. Yes, I want to see Earthbound as well. But you know, wait, no, did Earthbound come out?
I don't remember, but I'm out of it. It's just, you know, I think they really, I think, missed an opportunity with Virtual Console being gone. Honestly, like, I think that was a huge mistake. Because people like collecting games, and even if it's a digital library, like you could still package that in a very interesting way, if you wanted to, like, you know, where you just have your digital collection, you can like, look at the box art and look at all that stuff, like they could have presented it in a really
smart way, and sold each one of those for like, like $9 or $8, which I still think it was like, you know, it was still pretty expensive at the time. But people would pay that and like, what, what are you doing now? You're like holding stuff back for an expansion pass. It's like $25 a year. Like you could have made way more money off of that, like if you really were smart about it, but this is Nintendo, and they're just gonna do whatever the hell they want. And that's why they're not going to hold themselves to any sort of like, calendar or
schedule because in their eyes, they're not competing against anything. They're not competing against Sony or Microsoft. They're in their own little world. And so they're not competing against anyone, then they're beholden to no one.
And just quickly, sorry, sorry, chat. Yeah, I totally forgot the Earthbound games were stealth released last year. So my bad on that. But as 100 Matt points out, Uniracers is a title that's missing that was, you know, I don't know if there's music in that or something. I don't I don't know what the hell it's a great game. Yeah, it's a great game. It's missing. So there's there's still lots they could fill in with for sure.
More releases. So we had fantasy life. I the girl who steals time.
I thought fantasy life was done for I didn't, you know, because the last the last game was on the 3DS or the DS in like 2012. It's been a long time since we have fantasy life. So the fact that there's a new one coming I was actually like, Oh, shit, that's pretty cool. That was the most unexpected surprise thing to me honest to God, like the new fantasy life. I was like, Whoa, that's awesome.
So are those like amiibos or anything? Or is that just like characters that look like amiibos?
No, they're just it's it's it's a level five game. So it's just, you know,
we have a new Professor Layton game Professor Layton in the world of steam. That's kind of out of nowhere. It looks pretty cool art style wise. Here's something that we probably never thought that we were going to see bait and chaos one in two HD remaster. Yeah, that's surprising.
Even more surprising, Metroid Prime remastered and launched the same day.
That was that was a clever little thing of Nintendo to do because obviously those those remasters have been Well, I say remasters because I thought it was gonna be the trilogy. But speaking of drip feeding, why would Nintendo unleash the trilogy all at once when they can drip feed $40 for one, two and then three later down the line, which is probably the real plan. So for them to shadow release, you know, part one, that was it was a nice surprise. I think the biggest thing about
that news, and I'm gonna be honest, I actually haven't picked it up yet, because something else grabbed my attention this week, and I'll get into that later. But I will pick it up eventually. And I heard that the biggest thing about it is that they actually changed the control, well, optionally changed the control scheme to a modern FPS control scheme, if you want to do that. And that's that's been a game changer for that game for a lot of people. So I'm really excited to check it out.
Looks good to like the remaster looks pretty, pretty good. Like the visuals definitely hold up as well. So um, yeah, I don't know why you wouldn't want to play with better controls. But
I'm just I'm just shocked that it was a you know, surprise release with a physical version also do. Honestly, at this point, maybe I'll just pick up the physical version since I'm waiting anyway. But I thought that was but when I heard there was a physical version, I was like, Oh, you've got to be fucking kidding me, they're going to charge
full price for this. That's what they're doing. But then I ended up being wrong. And it's only $40. But I mean, that's, that's about on the higher end of what a remaster you know. Now, you know, but but also I'm like, you know what, if they released f zero for the GameCube remaster with a similar thing with some new tracks or something, I'd fucking pay $40 for it. I'd actually probably pay 60. But don't don't tell Nintendo that.
Hmm. Dr. T also points out that Metroid Prime remaster supports the GameCube adapter. Oh, good. I would have never thought of that. Interesting. And orange right says it has optional gyro controls if that's something that you're into. Interesting.
Oh, yeah. Is that it? Do we get everything? That was it. That was everything. Yeah. So yeah, at the end of the day, I thought it was a pretty solid direct. I mean, I think for everybody, there was at least one or two things that grabbed your attention. And yeah, some surprise remasters. I guess the even though it wasn't in the US one, the atlier games were also announced for remasters with Biden katos as well. So on the
Japanese direct, so that's also the like the level of RPG content would like see a lot of RPG, there was a lot of RPG content. So I think a lot of RPG fans are feeling very fed from that Nintendo Direct. And that's, that's great. You know, I think there was a lot of something for everybody. But then I think the parts in between may have just been a little bit of, you know, not as interesting to you. Dark
Sakura seems like there was a lot in that event that you like to some games, you're gonna pick out the Castlevania stuff was was pretty happy for me. You know, it was a overall I mean, I wouldn't say I was disappointed. I just say it was what it was. Yeah. And I've reserved judgment for the final the final pieces. Of course, there's a few things that I'm definitely looking looking forward to. Yeah.
I think especially when you consider it's it's a little more of an off cycle direct meaning it's not like E3 or holiday releases or whatever. I think it makes it you know, that much stronger for a February direct. It was pretty good. It actually kind of makes me wonder with these rumors, you know, we were talking last week, Nintendo is not doing E3. And that they may not have holiday releases, which I still refuse to believe.
I refuse to believe they will have they easily could have like, what are they gonna do in June? But I think there is a possibility Nintendo may not do a direct until August. I think I don't know. I think they're gonna do one right around E3. I don't think that they're gonna
we'll see it's anyone's guess really, it really is. So they can show that there's lots of stuff that they could show me they have like tons of games that aren't coming out right away. Like they can't tell you can't tell me like they don't have a release schedule for like the second half of the year because that doesn't make any sense. They have to have something. Yeah. And this is your 100 map points out the shareholders wouldn't let them not have a holiday releases something. Well, yeah. And I, you know, we all know Metroid Prime 4 is happening at some point. But even even if that has been bumped to the switch's success rate, I think it's going to be a little bit of a
lesser, which is what I think is the case at this point, to be quite honest. I they have to be doing a Mario Odyssey sequel, or something in the Mario universe, like what was especially with the fucking movie this year? Where's the new Mario game with that? That that's the biggest shock to me. So I, I would literally be shocked if Nintendo is not bringing Mario to the holidays, of some sort, whether it's, you know, we've also had a rumor of a new 2d Mario, the kind of
plays into where Mario maker took things for a while. Just I would just be shocked if there isn't some kind of Mario thing for the holidays. There's got to be. We'll see. All right. Well, for now, let's talk about the games we have been playing this week in how was your gaming week? Dark soccer? I know you've been under the weather, but has that stopped your gaming or is that just increased it? Just so you know, you're muted on Discord right now. I can see the little icon. I don't know if you're trying to talk or what have you or did she step away?
That's only a bummer is I can't see the camera. So she may have stepped away for a minute. And I just missed that. So why don't I Oh, yeah, she stepped away for a second. So why don't I go to Loki? Loki, tell us about your gaming week.
My gaming week was basically Minecraft, we did a I've been working on a lot of stuff for just designing things for my modded series. We did a live stream from the channel 64 server yesterday. So it was a stream day with 14 hours of content. So that was fun. I participate in that for most of the day, actually, and other people's streams and stuff. I didn't really do much in mine lit up some caves for a friend. So that was that. It was mostly just a little bit of fun.
Mostly just talking about things reminiscing about stuff had one of the old collusion MC guys in there. So we were talking about stuff like that. We're kind of thinking back to you know, the stuff that happened there. So that's fun. So yeah, it was a pretty good stream. But yeah, it's pretty much just that I didn't really play any other games of the Minecraft this week. Okay.
All right, that sounds like he has some good content making sessions there. So that's good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we had a lot of fun with that. Nice.
All right. Well, while we wait for dark soccer to get back, I'll go ahead with my gaming week then. And so my kind of big news for this week, maybe I'll maybe I'll do a visual here. So I picked up this game. And for those on the podcast feed, I'm holding up a copy of returnal on the PlayStation five. And if I'm holding up a PS five game, that must mean that I got one of these two and I'm holding up a PlayStation five controller, which is still plugged into the charger. But I sure did. I I finally got the PlayStation
five. The play the Sony PlayStation five finally met the can I walk into the store and buy it test. And as it turns out, Best Buy had a lot of them available. So I just pretty I did still order it online and go pick it up. But I mean, it's really all the same. If you can go right online, and it's ready in an hour. It's that's that's close enough for me of being on the shelf. So there you go. I finally broke the seal on PlayStation five. Why now?
I did it now because especially with theater them coming out, which I know is a is was a PlayStation four game. But I was kind of like, I definitely want to stream that. And I think I'll hook up the PlayStation five in my office here, which I did. That's why I have it all right here. So I can make it really easy to stream from that. I know you can stream within the PlayStation five itself. But I still prefer to do it through OBS and a capture card and all that just because you can have your own looks and the webcam and all that.
But I and then of course Final Fantasy 16. I made it no secret. I'm really excited about that. And that is coming out this summer. Also, maybe a little bit motivated, I'm going to be honest by the news of the PlayStation collection going away. And if I wanted to grab all those games, and I just pull the trigger now. So I'm gonna really kick myself if they end up doing a hardware refresh. But with the PlayStation VR on its way out pretty soon, it would be really weird to do a hardware refresh now when they've got
to be moving those VR two units. So I just decided to say fuck it. And I did it. I finally pulled the trigger on it. So what have I been playing? Well, obviously, I've been downloading some of my PS four stuff. And I like, I got my cloud save for theater, then moved over to the PlayStation five, which I did through remote play, actually, because I can have my PS five talked to my PS four through a remote play, which is pretty cool. And I did it all while Alan was streaming to see if the bandwidth was strong enough. And it is and that's
really exciting. The PlayStation four image was a little amp, but it worked good enough. So I was very, very excited about that. And then of course, I've been playing a little bit of Returnal, I haven't been able to spend a lot of time with it where I can really go into a deep dive with it. But it is a very good looking game and very well shows off the controller and e3 v l in chat says the PlayStation five edge controller is a game changer, especially with software features cost a lot but worth it if you play often. Well, you know, this this new controller on PlayStation five,
you know, the haptic really is a game changer. And I, I had, it's this isn't my first time touching a PlayStation five. I mean, when I was at Dragon Con, and at Bobby's house, I played like, a little bit of the Final Fantasy seven remake DLC, which I also need to get to now, by the way, but I played a little bit of that and you know, felt but now that I'm really sitting down spending some extra time and playing Returnal. And especially now that I like I'm finding out, oh, there's a mechanic where like, there is a difference about holding the aim button down halfway, and doing
the aim button down the entire way that there is a difference there is very interesting. It's a very weird feeling to get used to. But I kind of like it. It's a it's a neat little feature for that controller. And it definitely seems like the PlayStation fives. Probably most advanced feature is what they're doing with that controller. It's a pretty neat piece of hardware. So but yeah, questmaster says Returnal is a lot of fun, can be tough. Don't be afraid to die. But it's really enjoyable if you love action shooters. I'm definitely getting big
Metroid Prime vibes from the game, but like mixed with a roguelike type of thing, which isn't a bad thing. So very, and I also noticed the game kind of gates you into dying, like you have to die at a certain point on your first go through, which is basically how it's teaching you the game. So yeah, I've already gotten to that point for sure. And I'm starting to explore a little more. I just unlocked like being able to teleport and so that so I'm still I think I'm still learning new things about the game. But it's been fun to play so far.
Oh, yeah, a three v l points out astro playground is a good one, too. That's right. That comes that's like the pack in game, so to speak with the PlayStation five. I also since I was only able to find the God of War Ragnarok bundle for the PlayStation five. But I was like, is that such a bad thing to be picking up? People seem to really enjoy that game. So I will check that out at some point, too, because it comes with a little digital insert code for God of War Ragnarok. So I'll be checking that out.
So that was my gaming week. I mean, otherwise, what does that play? Oh, Final Fantasy 14. I went to Final Fantasy 14 because I wanted to start popping some of the trophies on PlayStation five because the trophy list is different. But here's the funny thing to do it on PlayStation five, you have to like, do a quest, and then all your quest related trophies will pop, kill a monster and all your monster related trophies will pop. So I still have things I need to do just to like get the system to do the trophy check and pop the rest of those. But it's
really hard for me to play that game on controller. So I really hope I can just plug my keyboard and my mouse into the PlayStation five and play that way, which you would be able to I would say, I mean, you could do it on the PlayStation three, why would you be able to do that on the five, especially because Final Fantasy 14 is on it. So I would assume I can do that and then do like a dungeon the way I'm used to a keyboard mouse and be able to pop some of those other achievements. But the game I mean, I mean, I have a nice computer. So it runs really well my computer, but it does it runs. It's very, very smooth, like
butter on the PlayStation five. I will say that it's pretty cool. So all right, let me cycle back to dark Sakura. Watch. Tell us about your gaming week.
Um, well, I did a couple of sessions of Dead by Daylight, I honestly I was a little bit too unwell, I think, to play very effectively, I got through five games and was like, okay, I'm done. But I did make eerie one for survivor. And I got two more adepts. Last week, I got hundreds of all characters, who I stuck at, but I watched a video that talked about the characters
hitboxes. And I just remembered to aim for the button. Oh, yeah, you brought that up in a previous week. Yeah, aim for the button.
Um, but I also have been playing a lot of Marvel midnight suns just getting through the story since I don't really have the energy for doing a lot of anything else. And of course, there's my word scapes game. I didn't play any star ocean because I haven't streamed it. But I for the first time I finally
got my arm twisted into playing among us. And I like it. When I got imposter, I got first four kills before I got caught.
How did they catch you? How'd they catch you?
Um, I, I think it was just process of elimination. Okay. Because I don't think anyone actually saw me do anything. And then on the second round, I didn't do
as well. But I have, but I fooled one of my friends. And then the third, the third time I got imposter, I killed five people. And I was the shapeshifter. And because if you get voted out as the shapeshifter, you become a ghost crewmate. And so we finished the task. So one way or another, I was gonna win.
And I really, I really just had a lot of fun. I found myself in one more game, one more game, you know. And, of course, my character ended up being orange. So I repped appropriate. Yeah. And then kind of game related is I busted out a lot of merch. A lot of designs. Oh, cool. I now have a shirt that says hooker.
That has a hook on it. I'm kind of surprised that didn't exist somewhere. Maybe it does. But it's your it's your hooker. Well, I'm still waiting on because with fourth wall where I'm doing all my stuff through you have to get approval for like some of the things are like limited things you have to like submit to have them put to your store. And I submitted kids stuff that says hooker in training.
How funny I have more Amy the teeny little symbol. And I have I have a few other things. And then I also made my ski or Mon shirt. Oh, that's that's clever. I like that. Yeah, it looks like it's straight from the 80s. So I'm actually finding my creative thing again. And I'm considering doing Yes, I said hooker in training.
It's a reference to Dead by Daylight bonds double six. Yeah. But but it's been kind of good that my brains waking up that I'm getting my my game inspiration to do designs and stuff. So but I really I really though I and I got an achievement that I kind of thought I wanted to get in among us. I killed somebody while I was disguised as them.
It was great. Perfect. I had so much fun as imposter. Sounds like you had a pretty action packed gaming week in spite of being sick. So Oh, yeah. And we actually have another pinball now. We traded out in a indie indie 5000 for Beatles, the set up like the like one of the classic pinball tables. You know, the kind of open field with the big circle thing and except it's got like the full motion video and it's like,
early eras. Beatles music. That's cool. And I put a little thing of Dan having a good ball on it on on tik tok. I need to come play. It's I'm overdue to come to your house and play. It's all Dan's negative. Yeah, it's it's gonna have to wait till after the cruise at this point. But yeah, yeah, for sure. Oh, I'll find I'll find the video for folks in chat. All right. Okay, well, let's get into some gaming news. Speaking of the cruise I just mentioned, I remember there's
not going to be a show in two weeks. We will not be here on February 26. We will be here next weekend
for President's Day weekend. Bobby will be back as well tonight over the voice keys network or sorry,
next week on Sunday night over the voice keys network. And yeah, that'll be that'll be kind of
our last show for a couple weeks. And then we'll be back in early March with our next show. So
that's, yeah, it's February is just flying by, of course. So good times. But I'm very excited
to get get out of get out of town for a week and just relax. It's been a busy,
busy year at work and all that stuff. And yeah, I'm just very excited to get out and see the world.
So all right, well, let's move on. Let's get into some headlines from what's going on in video games.
So Loki, why don't you start us off, although I really feel like the Nintendo Direct was the big
news, but there's there's some other things going on around. Yes, the never ending saga of the
Activision Blizzard Microsoft acquisition story, it just never is going to end or it keeps
delivering, it keeps delivering something. Well, in the UK, we have an update now the competitive
the competition and markets authority has announced that provisional findings that
basically said that this would threaten competition in the gaming market. If this
acquisition were to go ahead. They're saying that right now, Xbox and PlayStation complete
or compete closely with each other at present and access to the most important content like
Call of Duty is an important part of that competition. Reducing this competition between
Microsoft and Sony could result in all gamers seen higher prices, reduced range, lower quality
and worse service in gaming consoles over time. All of those things already exist. Exactly. And
all of those things already exist. This is once when you get basically somebody that's talking
about an industry they don't understand they make comments like this and it's kind of annoying.
However, they are also taking public comment on this kind of gets like that.
SCC, I think does this as well. So they're going to basically give consumer or have solicit
consumer feedback until they have March 1, I guess the file or Activision Blizzard Microsoft
have March 1 to file the rebuttals. And the final report will be issued on April 26.
Um, one of the suggestions that CMA made was that they should perhaps break up Activision Blizzard
in order for that to go ahead. So maybe like only purchasing one portion of it. Yeah, but then if
like they purchase Activision, which has Call of Duty, we're still the same scenario here. Like,
I don't know, I don't see how that's really gonna help. And you know, if they want to split the
company, how about we take Microsoft can get Activision Blizzard, and Bobby Kotick can get
the hell out of here. Yeah, that's my suggestion. Yes, that's split Bobby Kotick for the rest of
Activision. I think that's a great idea. Did you like see what he's been doing? Like his idea of
like, trying to move the thing forward is, I know this is going to come as a surprise considering
his past behavior, but making threats that that that's that's the thing that he's done threatening,
you know, different countries with saying that it's gonna be a war or something like that. It's
like, shut the hell up, dude. Like, can we just have him? I don't know. Can he choke on a pretzel
or something? Like, I don't know, like, just get out of the public eye for a while. Can someone
put them in a balloon? Go away. Send them to Oz, let them be their problem.
I want to go right on a Chinese balloon. Is that
I didn't I didn't say that. Don't put words in my mouth. I said, okay, like,
I'm sorry, a nice hot air balloon, like, right on a weather balloon that will go off course.
Conveniently, even though we have multiple, if not dozens of weather balloons that are off course,
but yeah. Anyway, yeah, Bobby Kotick needs to go and that's why it's very important that
something happens with this merger and it does move forward and I on I'm going to be honest,
I hope that if they do split Activision Blizzard, I hope Microsoft has taken the Blizzard part,
even though they probably do want the Activision part because of Call of Duty. I just think
Blizzard I just I like Blizzard games enough where I want them to be free from the clutches
of Bobby Kotick Activision, I can cut my losses. That's that's what it really boils down to is a
fucking selfish one. As Joe and Matt says, if the deal falls through, there's no chance the board
lets him stick around. They're gonna put someone to help facilitate a sale. God, I hope you're
right. I want to believe I sure do. All right. Well, moving on and speaking of other acquisitions,
this one actually did go through and it's meta or Facebook, you know, that company has
finished their acquisition of the company within. Now this was one that was also a little bit hotly
contested as well because the FTC or Federal Trade Commission had filed an antitrust suit
to block this deal in July of 2022. Saying that meta was using this to basically dominate the VR
space because they had also acquired Beat Saber's creator beat games. Meta delayed the acquisition
to provide more time and a federal court denied the preliminary injunction to block the merger
while the FTC investigated and then the commission decided to not to appeal the loss and so on and so
on. So basically, meta now controls the company within. What the hell does within do? They make
VR fitness apps. This is the interesting part of this for me. I actually think this makes a lot of
sense for Facebook meta whatever to acquire this company in particular, because I think fitness
apps, they can attract audiences to a console, if you will, although I know, you know, the meta
quest, Oculus quest, whatever is not a traditional console. But, you know, my mind goes to Wii Fit
and how well that did on the Wii. How well exercising became for connect and getting
people moving there. I think especially again, if meta actually markets this to their Facebook users
as you know, the fitness apps and so forth. I think this could be a very smart move for them.
Although I think I don't think metas marketing the their quest very well on their own platforms,
but you know, it is what it is. But it's gonna be interesting to see what develops.
Yeah, oh, no, I have no I have no plans and getting a meta quest. But you know,
I'm just kind of talking from like a perspective of what might do well for them. The only thing
though, that I can also see just from feeling like we've been down this road before since I brought
up connect, why did connect kind of die off, it really was not able to prove itself beyond
dance games and fitness games. There's very few games we ever got that weren't dance games and
fitness games. Well, what is meta buying up? The biggest dance game of sorts? I know Beat Saber is
not specifically a dance game, but come on roll with me. You know, it's Jason. Yeah, and now
fitness. So meta making the same mistake. I don't know if they're making the same mistake. They're
trying I think what they're struggling with right now is making money. Well, yes. I mean, yes,
that's basically what it comes down to. But they have a captive audience on their own. They have
an audience of Oh, no, I'd say it's captive audience. Okay, captive audience. Okay, captive
audience of, shall we say, older individuals, they use their product Facebook. And how do we market
to these people? A product that costs $300 is basically like, you know, they don't understand.
Fitness. Hey, hey, hey, did you? Did you become a fat ass during you know, the pandemic?
We got it. We got a solution for you. It makes you know, because fitness is, you know, really
boring. And no one wants to do that. It's not fun at all. But what if it were a game? Well, we can
make it into a game. And that's what they want to do with it. And I mean, yeah, that is it is
motivating for people. Like if you want to do that, it is a good way to sell it. And honestly,
like with Facebook and stuff. I see so many ads for fitness apps for the meta quest,
which is weird. And I'm like, try stop trying to sell me the meta quest. I already own one. Like I
don't need more ads for that. Like that's the other thing they just don't understand. But
but yeah, it is fitness apps. And to the point, Beat Saber, that's also kind of a fitness app,
if you will, because it is moving quite a bit. And so I think that is going to be
their angle that they're pushing to try to get people into the meta quest.
Well, what meta needs to do to do that, and I'm shocked that they don't again, this is where I'm
like, meta is not a well run company. And we all know the guy at the head of it is just the wrong
person for this job. He's a kid that got lucky. He's Yeah, it's just, but here's the thing. Let
me let me finish my thought because honestly, it does not take up rocket scientists to figure out
the best way to market fitness on the meta quest would be to actually publish in Facebook feeds.
Because you know, obviously, it would all be opt in, and it wouldn't share anything you didn't
want to share, but have it be very easily shareable to brag to all of your friends,
all of the other Karen's in your Facebook circle, because we know that's a big crowd that's on
Facebook is, you know, sharing pictures of children of cats of dinner. And oh, look,
I lost five pounds this month using the meta fitness program. And it's right. And then that
way all the other Karen's can be like, Oh, that's, I gotta try this out. This is what you're doing.
That seems really cool. You know, like, that's, that's what meta is not doing. That blows my
fucking mind. They have the easiest advertising mechanism. So I have no idea what they're doing.
It's it's honestly no different from when you left in many ways. Yeah, the good and the bad.
It's I mean, honestly, like my kids have quest twos, and they're pretty nice pieces of kit,
like it really is like a decent VR headset. And like, I have no problem with like the software
and stuff that they have on it. And like fitness apps are great, too. I think it's a good good way
to get people to exercise, especially my kids, you know, who don't go out as I mean, they go
to school, but they don't go out and play or run around or anything like that. They stay at home
and play games. So at least they're moving. Somewhat they're not vigorously moving, but
they're, you know, they're not sitting completely still. Right. So it's, it's something but like,
and I think it is something to be they just haven't quite figured out how to game a fight
enough to get people excited about, like, get people excited about it, like they got excited
about Pokemon Go, something like that, where it's like very much like, engaging, you know, this is,
you know, more of just like fitness stuff. It's not, they need to figure out a way to really like
gamify that somehow even more than they're doing now. Well, they if you want to see who's winning
in that space, look at Peloton for as expensive as expensive as that whole thing is. That's the
thing that actually, that's Peloton is doing exactly what I'm saying meta should be doing,
because Peloton made it very easy to share on Instagram on things like I did the Spice Girls
bike ride with, you know, so and so and I burned this many calories, this this, like that. Peloton
is a huge example of like, who is gamifying in a sense, fitness, and getting people's attention
huge. And they may not have Pokemon, but they have some huge personalities on that platform
that you know, people like I have a friend that is super like always like, every time I see her,
she's like, when are you getting a peloton and I'm like, they're expensive. I don't know if you're
aware and I need more room in my house. Like I'm not really set up for that type of thing. But it's
you know, they've got some real star trainers on there or whatever that you know, are really
big personalities and people get excited for the new specials. It's like Richard Simmons or some
shit although nobody will ever be Richard Simmons. Let's make that clear. I'll be perfectly honest,
the whole I the whole thought of Peloton and VR exercise does not appeal to me.
No, I get it.
Yeah, it's it's like it's another layer of why when I like things to be quiet and solitary
when I'm, you know, sweating profusely and lifting heavy things.
No, I get it. I get it. But yeah, if Facebook doesn't figure out how to gamify this thing or
get more like sharing and bragging and that sort of thing. I just think this is a lost cause and
they're just burning more money. But we'll see. We'll see. All right, well, moving on Dark Sakura.
So now you know that I like to take the the other angles of video games, you know,
and so I came across an article of a neuroscience study that was published from the University of
Houston where they did a study to see if playing video games would cause harm to young children's
cognitive abilities and the study and I'll just read the quote. Our studies turned up no such
links regardless of how long the children played and what types of games they chose.
And that's from Zhi Zhang, the associate professor of curriculum and instruction at the University
of Houston College of Education, who's also on the research team. It was published in the Journal
of Media Psychology. They examined the video game habits of 160 diverse urban public school preteens,
70 percent from lower income households that represented a group that hadn't been studied
in earlier research. And so they reported them playing video games an average of two and a half
hours a day. The heaviest ones were four and a half hours a day. And they looked for association
between their games that they were playing and how much they were playing and their performance
on the standardized cognitive ability test seven, the CogAt. It evaluates verbal quantitative and
nonverbal spatial skills. So every everyone took the same test. Everyone went through the same
study. And basically there was no link found, which I mean, we all could have told you.
But having it in writing backed up by science, that's a big thing. You know, so now when parents
say, oh, those video games are going to rot your brain, say, actually, psychologists said no.
There's no link. Here's the study. Shut up. But yeah, I mean, so basically they the one thing
that they were cautioning about is that more time spending games without doing other productive
activities would cause what they're calling cognitive displacement.
But, you know, but for students who have, you know, who spend a reasonable time playing their
games and they also do their homework and do other stuff, you know, that's fine. They just
say the thing to watch out for is obsessive behavior, because then that's a sign of addictive
personalities and that. And Bonds006, you apparently didn't hear me just say the same
things. So I basically did just say too much would, you know, would be causing a negative
effect, especially to the exclusion of other things. Too much of anything is going to do that,
right? So exactly, exactly. You know, you could have a kid that's into the Bible model cars and
does nothing but model cars. Right. And, you know, that's going to be just as detrimental as spending,
you know, five plus hours a day playing a game instead of doing their homework or socializing,
you know. So it's all going to be, you know, it's still going to be up to a responsible parent to
limit what their kids are doing. And this is me as, you know, a gamer now. For me,
I could play games all night at my house and then do my homework before school that day,
you know. So it's all also a matter of, you know, how the kids brains are wired, you know, how,
you know, their learning styles. I mean, it's not going that deep into it. It's just doing
basic cognition, but there was no link found.
All right. Well, no more of this. We have science to back up the facts that video games do not
rot your brain. But of course, you know, there's so many people out there that continue to deny
science anyway. I'm sure this will go nowhere. One other thing, too, is that they even tested
games that were described as helping children build cognitive skills, and they still presented
no measurable effects. So basically, I mean, it didn't say anything about, you know, games for
therapy. But Yeah, the brain building games, at least for kids also have no effect.
So Nintendo brain training is not the miracle tool. It's
I don't think that that's to be.
I don't think that that's marketed to kids.
That's true. No, it isn't. It isn't. Yeah. Only gullible adults. All right.
Quest Buster in chat says one thing I've noticed is that some of the streamers I've been watching
that do long sessions have adopted standing desks just for their own health.
Yeah, you kind of have to do that.
Well, you know, we have that at my work.
Now with more and more streamers, like kind of running ads, because Twitch really encourages
you to do like the what is it three minutes an hour or whatever it is. Like, I think there's a
lot to be said instead of letting the ads intentionally interrupted or like accidentally
or whatever, like just air whenever they're going to air. Take an intentional three minute break
every hour. Yeah. Take it to like, I'm going to do a bio. I'm going to, you know, just walk around
the house real quick. Just get up and stretch. And I encourage all of my viewers to do the same
and we'll be right back at the top of the hour or something like that.
Technically every 30 minutes, because that's when my timer runs up.
Right. And like, if I'm starting like a match, I might do like a 30 second
ad so that no one gets an ad during the middle of my match.
But for me, especially given that, you know, I have myalgic encephalomyelitis,
you know, I have to take those breaks. And so for me, having I mean, I hate the ads,
don't get me wrong. I hate them. I've tried to point out because I'm also doing like the
Twitch research thing that I've left feedback that you have a significant drop in viewership
every time an ad comes on, which basically means no one's actually watching the ads anyway.
Right. But back to what I was saying is that I use that countdown as my benchmark to get
up every 30 minutes and at least move around, whether it's, you know, walking to go to the
bathroom or get myself a drink or, you know, harassing Midna, you know, bringing her in to
put her on cat cam, you know, it's still I've been actually even leaving that advice to other
streamer friends of mine, use that as your personal break, reset yourself.
I heard a really good tip at work that kind of stuck with me. It was really because, you know,
we love those little catchy sayings. And it was the 20-20-20 rule. And that's every 20 minutes,
take a 20 second break to look 20 feet away. And I thought that was an interesting little
way, at least for your eyes.
Yeah, that's been around at my at my office too. In fact, our ergo team is pretty,
pretty big on it. But of course, you know, if you're elbow deep in fixing stuff,
Right.
It's a little different.
All right, let's move on to our next story and talk about some of those games that you can keep
your keep your cognitive abilities up with in the future. Right, Logie?
Well, maybe not that but, you know, I guess they, Nintendo wants you to know that
we're still developing games for the switch. I mean, I kind of thought that was a given since
Well, we don't have this is conveniently timed with the news about Nintendo is not doing
anything for the holidays. I think that's what this boils down to.
We'll see about that. Like, I don't know. But yeah, basically saying that they are still
developing stuff for the switch is as you know, that the switch is coming up on its seventh year
of sales in March. And they said that this is uncharted territory in the history of our dedicated
video game platforms. Under these circumstances, it's hard to imagine that hardware sales will
continue to grow at the same pace they have to date. However, there are titles under development
for Nintendo switch and new titles that will continue to be proposed going forward. We are
seeing both new demand and multiple system demand for hardware. So we think that there is still room
for growth in sales to that. And we want to maintain a high level of engagement with the
hardware and create new demand by not or not only by releasing new titles, but also by working to
further convey the appeal of existing titles. In other words, drip feeding the stuff that they will
have in development, I guess well, and keeping Mario Kart eight fresh the way they are with all
of these, you know, now it's there is new tracks, you know, I think when they originally announced
this, it was supposed to not be completely brand new tracks. Well, it seems like each piece of
DLC has had at least one new track, and now a new character. That was not something they talked
about in the beginning. But apparently, if you go read deep in the press release, this is not the
they are planning on doing other new characters too. This is not just going to be Birdo,
there will be at least one more in the upcoming packs. So yeah, that'd be cool. Yeah.
So um, yeah, of course, Nintendo still develop if they're not, they're never going to clue on
that they're like, you know, developing for a new system or whatever. And even then you would you
would hope you'd hope although I feel like this isn't the case more than it is these days, but
you would hope the new system will be backwards compatible with the current switch titles.
At least the digital ones if not the hardware, but we'll see. Anyhow, speaking of the Nintendo switch
and some of the big news going on on that front, obviously, we kind of brushed this topic a little
bit earlier in the show, we talked about the new Zelda game. But Nintendo did unveil the
officially that the new Zelda game will have a $70 price tag. However, that has caused the question
to be asked does this mean all Nintendo games moving forward are going to be $70.
So Game Informer actually went to go ask Nintendo and reach out to Nintendo and Nintendo provided
the following response. We determine the suggested retail price for any Nintendo product on a case
by case basis, and then asked if this is going to be the trend going forward. We determine the
suggested retail price for any Nintendo product on a case by case basis. And the headline with
this article is that this is not going to be the trend moving forward.
I actually think this is the opposite. Even though this is the headline people are writing about
this, those quotes lead me to say, Oh, no, if Nintendo's determining it on a case by case basis,
that means nope, your Zeldas, your Marios, the things they know are going to move units,
the next Animal Crossing game absolutely will be $70. The things that will not be $70, Pikmin 4,
things that are a little more unproven, which is weird to say that about a franchise like Pikmin,
but I feel like if they tried to charge 70 for Pikmin, they would really pay for it.
Something has mass appeal. I mean, it has like appeal, but it's not like, you know,
a must must must have game right.
Mike Deaf says I wonder if the long development on on Tears of the Kingdom is what makes it $70.
US? Well, I mean, we know that the developers are getting pay raises. But I think this is where
everybody feels burned, is that we were to some extent, not everybody, but we were willing to
write off the $70 because the cost of developing games, especially for 4k, and the newer hardware
is getting more expensive. It was always an excuse. It was always an excuse. Like I knew
Yeah, to see Nintendo do it as like, but you don't have the hardware to justify that same thing.
And like in certain circumstances, like say like they are going to charge $70 for a Pokemon game.
Do you think that last Pokemon game is worth $70? Do you think that really was like
a title that was polished to the point of a $70 game? Because like, like I said,
when I see a $70 price point, I expect that game to be perfect. Like, perfect. Yeah,
I expect it to be as polished as polished can be. It should be a standout example of
what a game on that platform should aspire to. Yeah. And if it's nothing less than that,
it does not deserve $70. And don't get me wrong tears of the kingdom. Sure, it's gonna be a
fantastic game. Is that going to be the same for every other Nintendo game is put out there?
I don't know. Like, I just feel that if you're going to raise the price,
and you're going to make all the excuses, well, it's inflation, it's this and that.
Okay, well, I'm sorry, but like, you know, you can't just keep showing up the same unfinished
stuff for $70. And I'm not saying Nintendo is doing that. But you know, some other game
franchises that may not necessarily be Nintendo directly, but it is definitely associated with
Nintendo. Ain't looking so hot recently. Going to chat, there's several people that are bringing up
the vouchers. So let's talk about that for a minute, because it is a little bit of a
game changer with this specific title. So e3 v l and chat says they're pushing digital with
their voucher promo. And SSG 100. Matt says considering Nintendo never discounts their own
games. The digital voucher is really nice deal if things are going to be $70. So yeah, let's talk
about the vouchers for a minute. So if you weren't already aware, I think most of you are but just to
recap, Nintendo is currently selling I think you have to be a switch online member to get it. So
there's that too. But if you're a switch online member, you can get a $100 you buy it for $100.
And it's good for two games. So essentially, on the list, because I don't think all third party
games are on the list. But most of the first party stuff generally is there was a big question when
this was announced will Zelda Tears of the Kingdom be on the list and it turns out Yes, it is. So
there is a way you can get this game for $50. However, you have to commit to buying another game
for $50. The voucher is good for a year. The only problem I have with the voucher is I don't know
what other game to get with it. Because I already bought things like Pokemon Scarlet and things that
you know are on like a lot of them are titles that already exist. I don't know if Nintendo's
announced anything else on the voucher that I would want to use this on. So I'm kind of hoping
that there's a holiday release or something else I can use the voucher later on that will justify
the $50. You know what I mean? So yes, the voucher is a good way to quote unquote, save money because
you know, you'd be paying 50. So you get saved $20 on Zelda, and then $10 and some other title.
But then also, yes, you need to remember to you'd be owning the games digitally,
which means after you've spent 100 hours on Zelda, you can't sell it used. That won't be possible.
Although, to be fair, when it comes to Zelda, I don't think a lot of people sell that one back. I
mean, some people do, of course, there's always going to be the people that need money and getting
hard times and so forth. It's going to sell it ever.
Like, let's look at it this way. It depends. Because let's say for example,
that you buy Tears of the Kingdom, and say another game later in the year. And then they announce,
Oh, hey, Switch Two is coming out in 2024. And it's gonna have Tears of the Kingdom in it again.
And so you're going to upgrade because you want that brand new Switch, but you still love Zelda,
so you're going to buy it again. You can't sell the old one because it's stuck on your
system digitally. Some people have no problem paying twice for a game. But like, I think that
that's a very realistic scenario. I don't think Nintendo will fuck people that hard. I actually
I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt. I don't think they're gonna fuck people that hard.
But I, Loki, I will meet you halfway. What I do think they will do is they will borrow something
I think is being done on the PlayStation front. And there will be like a $10 upgrade pass
to allow your digital license to move to that old box to each other. Because remember,
Nintendo is operating in the internet of 10 years ago. And so yeah, you know,
it also depends on how grossly different the technology is. Because I mean, look at how
different the Wii U was versus your Switch. I had Breath of the Wild on both of them. Of course,
I won my Switch and my Breath of the Wild, but still that's besides the point.
Yeah, fair enough. That we're assuming the technology will be similar just because the
Switch is sold a lot. Well, the Wii sold a lot and they still mixed up the technology.
Of course, Nintendo paid a price for that. So maybe this time that maybe we're thinking that
next time they don't make the same mistake, but we don't we don't know what they could be doing. So
we won't know until they unveil it. So we'll see. We'll see. All right. Yeah. As Joe on a map
follows up the problem I have Nintendo is not great with game preservation. You can get the
game now. But how about when they shut down the store space, you can't download the game again,
at least with physical, you got something in hand digital, who knows if you'll own it forever.
No, that's, that's really a risk on any storefront right now, for sure. Who knows,
we'll just take it down and never put it back up again. It's where a lot of things are going
Mario 100 or whatever that was. It's also why I like game pass because I feel like by paying the
monthly fee to access it, I'm not having that same investment. I don't know. I maybe I just
wish Nintendo would have a game pass type system. But then I say that and then I feel like when they
do it, I'll hate it. Because they do have game passes called Nintendo online expansion. You get
a game pass to Nintendo games and Sega games and Gameboy games. Perfect example because this is
what everybody wanted Nintendo to do is to do the Netflix style thing for their old catalog.
They're doing it and now we're all like, this is not good because there's their drip feeding.
There's too many gaps in the system. They wanted to do it when the catalog was vast,
and there was like a huge library of virtual console games. And they're like, $10 per game
is too much. You know, can we please like, do like a Netflix style thing? And they're like,
yeah, you can do that. But we're only gonna give you five of those games.
Nintendo is doing a fully immersed Netflix model by canceling all of the games that people enjoy
and removing them from the service that Nintendo is just doing the fully immersed Netflix model.
It's fine. You can just go collect the original heart. Oh, wait. Yeah, speculation bubbles and
all that stuff. Oh, well, that sucks. Guess you're just screwed all. I guess there's no other way to
play games nowadays in the modern era. It's not like we can just download them and play them on
our computers or anything. Oh, well, I guess we'll just have to make do with not doing any of that.
Let's talk about an extremely cost effective solution. Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, um, you know, there's a classic series that Konami is is kind of known for that we don't
really get to see much of outside of of Japan. And that's the Jiko powerful pro Yaku series.
It started off on Super Famicom back in 1994. It's a cute little TV baseball game. I've played
a few of them. They're, they're, they're cute. They're some of the ones I actually like. And
Konami is, I guess, trying to make it available for everybody, you know, in Japan, outside Japan,
you name it. So on Nintendo's website, the game's a dollar. It's actually also for PS4, also a
dollar. So it's, it's, it's a full game. I mean, I always thought that they were the cutest little
series that had sort of this like pseudo 3d ish thing back in 94. They look like pop dolls playing
baseball. They're cuter. Um, but I mean, but like their first time they tried to bring it out was
MLB power pros on the Wii and PS2. It added basically like a Major League Baseball license
on it. And it was cute. There was a, a follow up the next year, but it didn't really stick. So
they're actually bringing it out as WBS CE baseball power pros over here in the US. And I
mean, they're, they're fun. If you like baseball games, I mean, there's a buck. I had the points
for it. I paid Nintendo points. Yeah. And got it. And they're solid little fun games. Yeah.
All right. Really popular in Japan. Yeah, they are. Mike Defton chat says for a dollar,
you can't go wrong. Well, I mean, there are, there are bad ways to spend a dollar. Let's be clear,
but it doesn't sound like this is one of them. So it's good. It's, it's worth it. Honestly,
it's worth it. It's worth the, I mean, I'm not, like I said, I used points that I had
leftover after buying radiant silver garden and a few other things. Smart way to do that. Yeah.
All right. Uh, let's move on just a couple more stories and we will get to our classic
segment tonight. So let's do Loki story. Yes, this is kind of interesting. So team
fortress two is going to be getting an update soon. So they apparently have updated their very
not updated website for the game that, um, basically put out a blog post saying that, Hey,
can you believe it? It's a blog post and that they have an unnamed update or a full on the well,
let me put it in their exact words. They're planning on shipping a full on update sized
update with items, maps, taunts, unusual effects, uh, war paint and who knows what else,
but they are seeking people's, uh, steam workshop content to, I guess, populate this update or at
least to go along with it. I don't think so. It doesn't mention anything. Maybe they are,
I don't know what the deal is. They're just saying make steam workshop content.
Uh, and then they're going to be, uh, taking submissions until I think, what was it? May 1st.
Yeah. May 1st to be considered for that unnamed, unthemed, still very exciting summer situated,
uh, update. I mean, it's cool, but yeah, the, the, I don't know what, you know,
payments they're talking about. Well, steam workshop, generally mods that are good. Uh,
generally, uh, let's talk about some mods that are bad. And I think I touched on this a little
bit last week, but we kind of had an update on this story. So final fantasy 14 had a mod, uh,
that were, that folks were using. It was something called G shade. Uh, I don't use it. I, you know,
I play a ton of Final Fantasy 14. I don't use mods and that's not just me putting on a front
for the show. Like I would, I would make a tongue in cheek joke or something. If I did,
I can say I use mods with world Warcraft, which, you know, is a different environment. Um,
you know, unplayable without mods. Yeah. For, for serious, for serious. Um, and even though I,
I finally let the wow subscription lapse and then back on fantasy 14, I don't use mods with 14. I
think the interface is plenty customizable. There's a lot you can do with it. I never did.
Um, but G shade, uh, allowed you to alter aesthetics without altering gameplay. So I think
it was just, uh, allowing the graphics to really pop that much more and so forth. So, um, folks
were using this. However, some leaked discord messages from the developer of G shade Marat
Sutil revealed that malware was deliberately put in the mod code. It could force your computer to
shut down. If the files were accessed by a third part of the application, supposedly this was all
to teach a lesson about mod use. Mods had been hotly contested in the final fantasy 14 community.
Uh, you know, there was a different one. It wasn't for graphics, but it was like, uh, I think it
allowed you to see, it allowed your distance to be greater. You could see more of the battlefield
and stuff. I think that's what it was. And some Raiders had used this and they got a world first
clear. And now Kiyoshita came in and said, the fuck you are getting that clear and strip them
of the titles because they used a game enhancing mod to do it with basically the equivalent of
taking somebody's Olympic medal. Cause they use performance enhancing drugs. It's basically what
they did. And now she'd awarded a very strong letter to those folks. So, you know, he's probably,
I mean, on one hand, he's probably frustrated that, you know, this, this is going along with
his game when it's a mod he had nothing to do with. But on the other hand, he's probably sitting
up there going, I fucking told you not to use mods that you have no one to blame, but yourself,
you have no one to blame, but yourself up there. I'm just assuming OCP is just like dad or
something. I don't know. But anyway, uh, the lesson that was trying to be taught, uh, by the
developer, this was meant to be a lesson to use specifically about taking this approach to the
problem. Anything could have been in the payload and you'd have been responsible for distributing
it to people and triggering it. Okay. Apparently the developer is getting an ass whooping for this,
uh, metaphorically, uh, he's been banned from a big fantasy 14 discord. A statement on the
game subreddit has called out G shade. I guess the Reddit was actually kind of endorsing it.
And that makes them look a little silly. Oops. I use the Reddit quite often, not for
mod tools, but they have a great Island sanctuary guide for people that get into that mode,
which I am one of them. So anyway, uh, get hub investigated and G shade has been removed
from the hosting service, uh, in a tweet that was written by cabs corner. So the G shade stuff
has a new development. G shade is fucking dead. The get hub is gone following a get hub
investigation, which means that all current unmodified installs of G shade are bricked.
I like that. We need more news reported like that. You know, this mod is fucking dead.
All right. Well, something that is not dead and lives on and on and on is something that
is going to be featured in our next segment. So let's get to the bumper.
Now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
But in a twist, uh, dark soccer once a month, uh, likes to pick, I believe this year's twist
is called the non game game. So going to pick something a little bit different classic game of
the non video game classic game. That's right. So what did you pick tonight for the,
uh, the game that isn't a video game? Jenga.
Um, and, and the video I have is actually from like one of the Django world championships.
I can't believe world championship. That's great. Of course there is. Um, so anyway, uh,
Jenga, uh, first came out in 1983, so 40 years ago, and it's a game you can play solo or with
a crowd, you know, it comes in all sizes and colors and themes and stuff. Um, but it is a
game of physical skill that was created by a British board game designer and author,
Leslie Scott. It was marketed by Hasbro and basically the players take turns moving one
block at a time from a tower made of 54 blocks. Each block is then removed and placed on top of
the tower. And so the structure gets more and more unstable. Um, so to go a little bit about
Leslie Scott, first of all, which I just think is fascinating is she was born in Tanzania,
educated in Uganda, Kenya, Sierra Leone, Ghana, and then in England in Taunton. Um, but she is
the one who, uh, invented Jenga, which was launched at the London toy fair in 1983. She
founded Oxford gains limited in 91 and is a senior associate of Pembroke college, Oxford,
and a founding trustee of the Smithsonian UK charitable trust. So, uh, she also won the 2010
wonder women of toys, uh, inventor designer award and the 2012 taggy award for excellence in game
design. So, you know, just going back, this is a game created by a woman. Anyway, sorry about the,
the hacking. Each of the blocks is three times as long as it's wide. Um, and one fifth as thick as
its length. So it's 1.5 centimeters by 2.5 centimeters by 7.5 centimeters. Um,
they have little variations from the dimensions to make the, uh, some imperfections to add to
the challenge of the game. So yes, if someone accuses a block of being like a particular size
or having a favorite block, they're not, they're not hallucinating. So to start each of the blocks
are stacked into a solid rectangular tower of 18 layers, three blocks per layer. Each, uh, turned,
uh, each layer is oriented, uh, either based on your perspective vertically or horizontally,
you know, well, they're laid horizontally, but they're alternating directions. Um, so starting
with the one who built the tower, the players will take turns, removing a block from any level below
the highest and place it on top of the tower, uh, perpendicular to any blocks on the previous layer.
So, um, once, uh, a level contains three blocks, it's, uh, complete and can't have anything else
added to it, but you can remove, of course, things from the, the lower layers as long as it's not the
top layer. And the turn ends when the next player in sequence, uh, touches the tower or when 10
seconds have elapsed since the placement of a block, whatever occurs first. Of course, we're
usually just like, okay, you're next, okay, you're next, okay, you're next. The game ends when any
portion of the tower collapses. So either caused by the removal of a block or a new placement,
the last player to complete a turn before the collapse is the winner.
Okay, so basically, um, the, the game, uh, that Leslie created, um, it's based on a game that
evolved within her family since the 70s that used children's building blocks. Um, the family, um,
had purchased, uh, these blocks from a sawmill in Ghana and the name Jenga comes from a Swahili word,
uh, Kujenga, which means to build. Um, and so, uh, she, she herself was raised speaking English
and Swahili, um, before moving to, to Ghana. And so she trademarked the name Jenga at the London
Toy Fair, January, 1983, and then sold it through her own company, Leslie Scott Associates. Um,
the first sets were manufactured, uh, by the Campbell Village, uh, Village Trust in
Boughton, Yorkshire. And, um, one of those originals is, uh, on display at the V&A Museum of
Childhood. Um, so at any rate, um, Robert Grebler in 1984, an entrepreneur from California,
um, who was close to, uh, Leslie Scott's brother, asked, uh, about interest in importing and
distributing in Canada. And so it, uh, basically got the rights, uh, to sell Jenga in the US and
Canada. And then in October of, uh, 95, Jenga was, uh, basically started, uh, production through the,
uh, Poconobe Associates. I had to look at that name again. Um, and so eventually though it ended
up in Hasbro's hands, uh, in 1987. Um, as of, uh, 2019, according to Poconobe associations, the ones
who own the brand, over 80 million Jenga games, uh, have been sold. That's equivalent to more than 4.3
billion Jenga blocks. Um, and on November 5th, which is my mom's birthday, 2020, Jenga was inducted
into the National Toy Hall of Fame. So let's get into some records. Um, the, uh, the, uh, packaging
on one, uh, edition of Jenga said that Robert Grebler may have built the tallest Jenga tower
at 40 and two-thirds levels in 1985, playing with an original set by Leslie Scott. Um, so there are
other, uh, variants. There's the Throw and Go Jenga, which has different colors and a six-sided die.
Um, there's Jenga Truth or Dare. Um, there is Jenga Extreme that uses parallelogram blocks.
Uh, Casino Jenga, which is, uh, a Las Vegas edition with roulette style gameplay. Um, and then there's,
you know, the collector's ones like, you know, for various sports ball teams, Hello Kitty, Transformers,
Nightmare Before Christmas, Donkey Kong, all kinds of different ones. Um, and then there are
two other versions. One is Jenga XXL, which is, uh, big, um, and Jenga Giant. Um, so there's different
variations of them. Jenga XXL starts at four feet high and can reach over eight feet. Um,
uses the same rules, but you can use, you know, two, you have to use two hands to move the 18
inch long blocks. Um, and then Jenga Giant can start off with five feet or more. And I mean,
and we've even played, uh, them at, uh, Coin Op. I was going to say Coin Op had one of those,
or do they still have it? I haven't been at Coin Op since before the pandemic. Um,
and they've got a different director for the arcade now. Um, but there is now, um, a Jenga
Pass Challenge that has a handheld platform that the game is played on where the players
remove a block while holding the platform and then pass the platform to the next player.
It only uses half a number of blocks. Um, but I'm sure you can see how that would be
fairly challenging. In, in modern culture, there is also a building nicknamed the Jenga building.
And this is, uh, at 56 Leonard Street, um, in Manhattan. And it does look very Jenga-like on top.
And so that's it. That's the game. All right. There it is. Your classic game of the week,
non-game, excuse me, non-video game game. Non-video game game of the week, uh, Jenga.
And some folks in chat are asking about Jenga Tetris. So yeah, I mean, I guess there was the,
uh, form of it. And I just found a listing here on eBay real quick. So you can kind of see what
it looks like, but it looks like they just kind of make the blocks a little more out of like the
Tetris, uh, type of pieces. So that's kind of interesting. Yeah. So, all right. And yeah,
several people in chat talking about the giant Jenga. I'm sure Quainot probably isn't the only
bar that has one of these because I've seen them at several places. So, uh, yeah. Pod culture says
drunk Jenga is a trip. That's why I think you see it a lot of times at a bar. Uh, I can't see says
you haven't lived until you've played giant Jenga. So great pick. That's definitely one that, and it
even has like a video game crossover technically with the Tetris version. So, uh, yeah. Great,
great game that I think we've all played at one point or another. So excellent. Yeah. All right.
Let's quickly check out some other headlines in a segment we call rapid fire news. Loki.
Yes. So if you don't want to purchase, uh, the latest in wonder butter franchise games that
may have questionable people behind them, uh, there are alternative wizarding game collections
that you can purchase instead. One of those being the, uh, trans, which game bundle,
which is available through itch IO. Um, they have lots of different games in there,
69 games to be exact. And it's, it's available for, uh, $60. And if you can't purchase that one,
there's an alternative bundle for $10. And they've apparently raised nearly $5,000.
Um, as of right now, they're up to 74 K as we're taping live on Sunday night. Oh,
that's really good. Their goal is 96 K, but there's still 12 days to go. So nice. And
there'll be, it's going to be available until February 24th. So you still got some time.
Nice. So that's pretty sweet. Um, then we've got a little bit of a look at what's coming to
game pass in February, or I guess the rest of February. Um, so we've got,
it looks like atomic heart, which looks pretty awesome. I actually want to play that,
um, mountain blade to banner Lord, uh, SD Gundam, uh, battle Alliance.
And then we've got city skylines, remastered shadow warrior three definitive edition
and Madison NFL 23, which actually already came out earlier, uh, this week or last week,
just the time for the super bowl. Um, yeah, pretty cool. I really want to check out actually
atomic cart and then, uh, games leaving the service as well. Uh, besiege it's all right.
Uh, crossfire X, uh, infernax recompiles skull or skull, the hero Slayer and last kids on earth.
Okay. Uh, one other article for this segment, uh, talks about a, uh, rating that has just
come out in Korea for Sonic origins. Plus Sonic origins of course was released on the switch in
June of 2022. It was the original Sonic, Sonic two, Sonic three and knuckles and Sonic CD in
a new remastered form. Uh, it had new areas to explore and a new anniversary mode. Uh,
it seems like there could be an expansion coming now. Maybe they're going to add new games to it.
Who knows? Maybe they'll put in like spin-offs like Sonic spin ball. I don't know. That is all
speculation, but Sega did this once before with Sonic mania about a year after Sonic mania came
out, Sonic mania plus came out and that had new characters, mighty the armadillo Ray, the flying
squirrel, and then Encore mode that remix the levels and had a different live, uh, lives
mechanic, uh, as well as a four player competition mode. So seems pretty likely that Sonic origins is
headed down the same route, but we will wait for an official announcement until we speculate much
more on that. All right. But, uh, something we don't have to speculate on is what is hitting
store shelves this week. So let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. So
Loki, we'll start with you in the U S uh, we have Blanc, uh, which is on PC and Nintendo switch
journey to the Savage planet on PlayStation five and X-Box series labyrinth of the gallery
or Galleria. And let's see the moon society. That's going to be on PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four and PlayStation five out zone on PC, Mac, and Linux. We have souls of Cronus
on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation five spy brothers, PP and BBs DX on PC and Nintendo switch
tomb Raider reloaded on iOS and Android Truxton on PC, Mac, and Linux, twin Cobra on PC, Mac,
and Linux, uh, wanted dead on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, X-Box one and X-Box series
zero wing coming out on PC, Mac, and Linux. Uh, we have returnal on PC dust and neon on
PC and Nintendo switch theater them final bar line on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four
and rooftop renegades on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and X-Box one, the settlers,
new allies on PC tales of symphonia remastered on into the switch,
PlayStation four and X-Box one. And last but not least wild hearts on PC, PlayStation five
and X-Box series. All right. Going to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
A lot of overlap. Hmm. What's that? Toa plan is fun to say.
All right. Heading over to Japan and checking out the releases there. It's pretty similar
a lot of the same stuff that's being released in the U S we have some worldwide would really
releases, but to recap on the Nintendo switch in Japan this week, the tales of symphonia remaster
does come out in a multi-language edition in Japan this week on the switch theater them
final bar line, of course, also in Japan this week. And it should be mentioned that that is
also available in multiple, multiple languages. Uh, and then the Kimco RPG selection volume two
is also coming out in Japan this week on the switch. Uh, that has, if you're wondering
as divine hearts to revenant dogma, Fern's gate and Al vastia Chronicles. These are all like very,
I don't know if any of these ever came out in the U S but, uh, they're available, uh, in this
selection here for Japan. Uh, that is pretty much it for the switch. Let me peek at the PlayStation
five. And we have, uh, in sound mind releases on the PlayStation five this week. Um,
but not wanted dead. That game is not getting a Japanese release, at least not yet.
Uh, but wild hearts is, so that is something you can look forward to in Japan this week on
the 17th. Um, dark soccer, if you're good, we'll go to UK, uh, released. There's only a few.
Cool. So on the 14th, uh, for PlayStation and Xbox, there's wanted dead on the 16th
for PlayStation and switch. We have future of them final bar line.
And then the rest are on the 17th. Um, for PlayStation, Xbox, and switch,
we have tales of symphonia and gigantosaurus dino cart. And then just for PlayStation and Xbox,
we have wild hearts. Now what's funner to say toa plan or gigantus dinosaur,
I get to source dinosaur. I'm going to go with toa plan just because it's like a series of
sounds that you don't often say in. Fair enough in daily usage, but gigantosaurus
is a close second. I would say, you know, people add source to all kinds of things when they're
talking about making something big or violent. Yeah. All right. Uh, we have just a few more
stories for you. Oh, I do have one other thing for the record. Um, another layer to the game
that shall not be mentioned is that Greg Ellis was a voice in it who, uh, well, okay. So he was
Cullen in the dragon age games. He also went on a big in character rant, uh, anti trans rant.
Oh, and he is pro, uh, dumpster. And she thanked him directly.
Anyway. Yeah. I just thought I would throw that in. If you want another reason not to play,
just throwing that out there. He did 12 characters in it.
Let's move on to talk about some other stories of what's going on in gaming this week. Uh,
and then we'll get to your calls, et cetera, and that sort of thing. If you would like
over at our discord, vog network.com slash discord. So Loki, let me go to you with the
next story. Hi. You thought we were done talking about Activision Blizzard and the acquisition of,
uh, or Microsoft's acquisition of their company. Oh no, no. We still have more to talk about,
including how Sony is saying that Microsoft is harassing them in court. Um, the long and short
of it is basically my brother was hitting me. They'll basically, I don't even want to go
through the fluff in this article. Anyways, it comes down to that Microsoft is requesting
documentation from their internal documents that are subpoena and that stuff, but they're
subpoenaing a lot of things. They said, um, including, um, you know, what was it they
require? Uh, they said specific showing of relevance regarding the production of personal
file or personnel files. So they were subpoenaing the, uh, performance reviews and like some other
stuff that didn't seem to be within scope of, you know, this whole acquisition thing. But,
and so because of that, they're saying it's harassing, harassing them or something.
We that I, that, that's pretty much, yeah, that, that's how it's sum up.
I thought it was going to go somewhere like, oh, Microsoft's trying to subpoena,
like the games that Sony is currently making and their upcoming release calendar to spill that all
in the car. That would be funny. That would be funny. Not, well, not really actually funny if
you work in the industry, but to the rest of us really funny. So that, that maybe Sony would have
a leg to stand on if Microsoft was trying to subpoena that sort of thing, which I
would think would be a part of this. If they're going that far.
That would be more relevant than necessarily, you know,
right. It is relevant, right. I need to know what Bob got on his performance review, uh,
in order to, you know, combat this acquisition. I don't even know. I'm just so sick of this.
It's just, will they, won't they like, I'm tired at this point. Yeah, I know. Maybe we
should just not talk about it anymore. Should we just like bar talking about this or we'd
have literally nothing left to talk about in the show. So this one I think has to stay.
This one has to stay. It could have, it could also like trickle down and impact the industry.
Cause we, you know, we're all watching for when this does get blocked and then Sony buys
Activision Blizzard. Yes. We know that that's happening. We have to, we, we cannot block,
we can't block the story or else we never get to deliver the punchline.
Cause yes, exactly. Cause then cause, and that's, it's going to be funny and all of a sudden it's
like, Oh, well, you know, these issues for with Microsoft now, it's not an issue for Sony to do
it. And, uh, I just don't care anymore. I really don't. Well, you can go to the next story then,
if you want to talk about something else. Yes. Let's talk about something that you don't need.
I'm going to tell you that from personal experience. It's a brand new game. Not really
called hot wheels, rift rally. It's a mixed reality game from Velen studios.
You may recognize them from your other device that you bought that you thought you were going to use
because it seemed really innovative at the time. It's a Mario Kart live home circuit. Remember
that game? Yes. No one plays it anymore. Ours is in a box. Um, it is basically the AR Mario
Kart thing that you had a little remote control car with a camera on it. And you set up different
like checkpoints in your house and you drive your car through your house and it makes a track based
off that in game. So it's like that, but strip out all the Mario Kart stuff. And then that's what the
hot wheels game is. It has hot wheels stuff in it now. It's literally a port of the Mario Kart thing
for PlayStation. Yes. It's for PlayStation and iOS. Yes. And, and along with that, I think they
raised the price. I don't know. It's $130 for the standard edition and then, um, $150 for
collector's edition, which also throws in a special hot wheels, diecast toy car.
Won't anybody think of that cat in the trailer? That poor cat is being assaulted by these cars
that keep going by. Won't anybody think of the cat? Well, you just have to understand
number one, like it sounds great on paper. Like, yes, this is a cool idea racing through my house.
It's so awesome and wonderful, except it's Bluetooth and Bluetooth has its limitations.
So it's not racing through your house. It's racing through the same room that you're in,
and it's not really racing. It's setting up some checkpoints in a very small area in your room
because, you know, the, the cars can't go too far away from your home console. Um, it really is.
It's really boring is really what it comes down to. It's, it's not a good game. It's,
it's just, it's something that sounds cool on paper. You play it twice and then you're just
like, I'm done. And you put it away and then you've dropped, you've wasted that money. You
know, it's, it's a thing that like your friend comes over and you're like, Hey, I got to show
you this really cool thing. Let's look at the thing. And then you set it up and you do the
whole thing. And then it's like, Oh, cool. Cool. Like we saw the thing. All right. That was awesome.
All right. Let's go smoke weed. Like that's, that's like, and then it gives back in the box.
That's it. And considering too, like if you want to race your friends or something like that,
you're gonna have to buy multiples of these. So like, it's just, it's not, it's not worth it.
Let me tell you from experience, don't, you don't need it. It is, it is garbage.
If they had a way to like increase the range on those things, like if I could go like
a hundred feet away. Yeah, that might be pretty cool. Take down to the park. Oh,
that's right. It doesn't work outside. Okay. Well, if, if somehow I could do it in like,
say a gymnasium or something like that, might be pretty cool. Yeah. But that's like a very
slick scenario there. You know what? We actually have RC cars and we can play with them outside
and get into a lot more trouble than with the game and the kit to buy with it. Oh yeah. Those
are a lot more exciting. And I don't think they're, you know, I haven't purchased an RC car.
Ours were pretty expensive, but ours were also custom. You know what? I have a balloon and I
can fly it anywhere I want. It's not over Montana. All right. You know what, Rob? What?
That sigh is the sound of my mood. I'm going to eat some Jelly Billies now in protest.
All right. Well, while you eat Jelly Billies, which is fine, because I have another VR story,
so maybe Jelly Billies are a good thing to confide in in this time. Maybe, maybe China's just testing
out the battle bus, you know, maybe they see for they like, you know what, maybe that could work.
Maybe we could float a bus with a balloon. And then here people are shooting them down like,
just I don't know. It's sad. All right. Anyway, we have another update this week that the official
PlayStation VR FAQ has actually been unveiled. And that is something that you can check out on
Sony's website because believe it or not, that Sony device is only what like it's on the 22nd.
That's like less than two weeks away. So I don't know how many of y'all are planning on getting
one. But maybe you needed some of the latest details on what's going on. And unfortunately,
the story I was trying to read was the wrong one. So I'm quickly trying to find it again here so I
can bring it up. Which, yeah, I know the right. Okay, I found it. Yay. All right. So again,
it's a $550 device. And there will be 30 games to choose from although some of them are rehashes.
We have some of the explanations officially about why the original PS VR games don't work on PS VR
two. Sony explains it like this. PS VR two is designed to deliver a truly next gen VR experience
with advanced features such as haptic feedback, adaptive triggers, inside out tracking,
eye tracking and more due to this new approach to playing games and PS VR two
PS VR games are not compatible with PS VR two which you know, I with all this
it's completely different. Yeah, I basically Yeah, which with all the crap I've given the
PS VR two I that is a reasonable explanation. I get it. Also, it talks about the space you're
going to need. So you need a minimum play area of two square meters or six feet seven inches by six
feet seven inches. So that's a little taller than a human on either side. The standing and sitting
modes require one square meter so three feet four inches on either side but you have to be able to
move your arms and the sense controllers around without knocking shit over which might be a little
bit less than the PlayStation VR one because I think the VR one required more space because I
have a camera to see it too. Yeah. So that's nice. At least a reminder there is no camera with this
that doesn't work on that technology. But if you have a PS five HD camera, you can fully film
yourself while you are playing and you can broadcast that footage as well. The PS five only
supports one headset at a time but friends and family in the room can see what you're doing on
the TV, which I believe was the same thing. You can see everything. So all of the things that
you're doing also kind of similar again to the first device is cinematic mode that allows you
to view non VR content while wearing the headset which can be which they illustrate could be useful
if somebody else wants to use the TV to watch something else. It's almost like having a second
TV in that way. But you will not be able to play 2d games or watch media in 4k cinematic mode is
10 ADP with HDR with a 120 hertz refresh. I couldn't why can't you play 2d games?
The downside is you won't be playing 2d games. Oh, you can't play them in 4k. Oh, sorry. That's
what I say. Sorry about that. I butchered the sentence a little bit there. So you just like
sorry, only 3d games, sprite based games, we just can't do that. And also once the VR two is set up,
you actually no longer need the TV, which is interesting. So you could take it with you,
essentially, if you had a way to run it. But that's kind of interesting.
I don't know if you need that. I think it's just you don't need to display it on the TV in case
you don't need people to watch still need a PlayStation five generator. Yeah.
I'll just use a little hand crank generator while I play some VR.
Use the prop cycle bike to generate some power. Absolutely. All right. Well,
I'd be curious to hear from those of you that do end up getting one of these. I don't know.
Could you imagine VR prop cycle? Yes, I'd actually I'd be into that for sure. Be fun.
They give him Peloton. That's that's for the Peloton metacross over there. That's right.
That's right. Well, believe that it needs to actually have like the steering
thing in the push thing. Believe it or not, that brings us to the end of the news that
we had on deck for tonight. But we do want to open it up to the listener roundtable.
So if you guys have any extra questions for us, by all means, you can ask in chat over
by all means, you can ask in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network. Also, you can
send us a tweet over at O.L.R., although I must admit, I forgot to check the Twitter,
as I often do. But I'll go peek at that real quick just to see if anything came in there.
You do have the opportunity to quote Spaceballs about the inbox. We ain't found shit.
That's right. Because you can email us as well. Participate at orange lounge radio.com is a great
place to email us each week. Although I notice it's been like two months since we've gotten an
email. So a real one anyway. I don't know how much longer I'm going to keep advertising that if y'all
aren't going to use it. How maybe I should ask this generally. I mean, and I don't want to bully
people to send emails. I also realize less and less people are using emails for fun. You know,
emails kind of make you think of work. I'm kind of curious, you know, if we were to evolve from
emails, how would you like to interact with the show? You know, we're open to more ideas. Do you
want to be able to send us like short video messages like TikTok or something? Like we could
make one of those, I guess. And you can send us short videos. I'd be fine with that. I just feel
like people don't really want to make videos, but maybe I'd be surprised. I don't know. Or, you know,
should I be focusing on the Twitter more often or should I have a dedicated Discord thing? I do want
to just kind of open it up generally. Like, how do you want to interact with us? Because I can...
And email us the answer.
I can understand the emails are getting a little dated and that's fine. So, yeah.
Well, that's all the people who spam me.
The $64,000 question, I guess. But not actual $64,000 because we don't have that kind of budget.
I will say this too. Jason wanted me to kind of give a shout out here. I'll say this again next
week because I just think we have less of an audience tonight because of other things going on
in specifically America. But if you want to contribute a bump to the show,
so this is only for the live folks was we do a little... And I think I've mentioned this before,
but I'll reiterate. We do a little, you can't do that on television inspired parody intro with
such and such will not be seen tonight so that we can bring you this special presentation.
So, actually, I will very specially play the one from tonight. So, you're going to hear the little
VOG logo music. And just so even those of you on the podcast can get an example of what one sounds
like, I'm going to actually go ahead and play one right here so you can hear it. So, here was
tonight's bump. For Nintendo Switch Online will not be seen tonight, nor ever so that we can bring
you this special presentation. Okay, so he embellished that one a little bit by saying
or ever but that's fine. A little embellishment is fine. And I think the audio hiccup I don't
know why but it was Ouya for Nintendo Switch Online, which obviously very good parody of
the Game Boy and the Game Boy Advance with a console we know will never see the light of day
ever again. So ironically had a lot of Nintendo games emulated on it. Yeah, yeah. So, sj100mat
says I sent a video if you my point was if you want to do one of those, by all means send them
to us. You can either email us a link, tweet us a link, or join our discord and you can honestly
just probably message me directly in discord and I'll get it or just post it in the orange
orange right? Well, don't post it there because then you'll spoil it, everybody will see it.
So, if you need the VOG network discord, it's vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com slash discord.
Maybe I'll make a thread within the orange orange radio. Even if you don't feel like recording one,
because not everybody's a video. If you just have an idea. I remember somebody submitted one a
long time ago. I think it was Miramuse a long time ago before dark soccer and I hit this game
full tilt boogie. She sent dead by daylight savings time. Funny, appropriate because I believe it was
that week of daylight savings time. So great. Even if you don't have the video production
capabilities, send us some funny puns and we'll turn some of our favorites into actual bumpers
to be used here live. I think that's a lot of fun. I just got inspiration for another shirt just now.
Oh, yeah, daily savings is coming up. Get on it.
No, for dead by daylight. Instead of hookers just have it say campers.
Hello campers with Bubba in the chainsaw. Bonds006 says do you want to open that door?
Video messages on the couch and sleepwear. I really don't give a fuck what you're wearing
as long as you understand that I'm going to broadcast some of those. And you do have to
be meeting Twitch standards. So you can't send that kind of video. We don't need that kind of
don't send us that kind of video. We don't want that kind of video.
Yeah, this isn't PlayStation G's.
I know this isn't the playroom on PlayStation 4's live service. Okay. Don't send us that.
But if you want to wear pajamas, I'm not going to judge you whatever. But I think a lot of people
filming with your phone is really easy. So people do it, you know, so maybe that's maybe we need a
short message phone submission service. I think it would be fun to see more listeners. And a lot
of people are pretty willing to shoot selfies of video. I don't know. We'll see. So maybe I need
to figure out a way to get those more submitted to us. I need to make a TikTok for Orange Launch
Radio. We have one for fog network, but we don't have one I don't think for OLR. So because that's
an easy way to submit videos. So maybe we'll do that in the future. Who knows? Let me check with
Loki real quick and see if there's any last minute stories we want to get to before we wrap things up.
There's nothing out there. It's, it's, I mean, unless you haven't seen it, there's, you know,
the new, like funny trailer teaser promotional thing that they have for the Mario release movie
with the Mario wrap in it. That's it. Oh, Jamie kind of referenced at the beginning. Yeah,
yeah, that is cute. Yeah, that's about it. I mean, all right. Hmm. Well, we're gonna go around now
and get everybody's final thoughts and say good night. But before I do, I want to thank all of
you, of course, for tuning into Orange Launch Radio and listening to our show. Thank you so
much for supporting us whether you were here live on Sunday night, which especially today was really
going the extra mile. So thank you all that are here tonight with us live big hugs. And but if
you're listening to us on the podcast feed, we love you too. Thank you so much. A nice five star
review wherever you found this podcast via iTunes, Spotify, Amazon, music service, whatever it's
called. All those places where podcasts are if you leave us a nice five star review, really
appreciate that. Or tell a friend tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word. We
are the show where every gamer has a voice. But we need more voices out there to put on air. So
by all means, helps helps spread the word by telling some friends about the show. Let's get
some final thoughts tonight. Dark Sakura, you're gonna call it a night now. You're not gonna do
your usual thing. But of course, as always, I'm still like to hear your final thought.
Yeah, I'm I'm gonna be back on tomorrow doing doing the thing. For right now, though, I just
want one more day to preserve my voice. So but but yeah, I hope to hope to have people come hang out
with me. All right. Thank you. Well, thank you for being here. And I'm glad you're doing a lot
better all things considered. So all right. I'm happy to Loki your final thought for us tonight?
Um, well, hopefully, I will have more Minecraft content out later this week.
Mobile stuff to build they need to get done. All right. And then my final thought is,
I got to host a pair of shows this weekend. Live here in Sacramento area. I talked about
a little bit last week. They went really well. I had a great time. And there was a lot of fun.
And I just found out I'm going to be hosting I think it's May 8, we're going to be doing a bad
movie festival. And I'm so excited. We're going to do the room troll to and another film to be
determined. And I'm really excited about that because I love bad campy movies. So really
excited about that. So we'll stay tuned to see what other he's trying to get movies where he
can get one of this like because he has one of the people from the room and he has one of the
people from troll to coming out. So trying to get somebody from a third movie. So we'll see what
happens with that. So lots of fun. Until then, that's going to do it for another episode orange
launch radio. I hope you all have a fantastic week of happy gaming. We will see you in seven days and
Bobby will be back next week as well to do it all again. So have a great week everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific,
9pm Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.